Backstory:

The Province of: Valkyrie is an RPG set in the province of valkyrie in the world of lenape. This province was once home to to the gods but thousands of years ago the gods abandoned this land for it had been consumed by the powers of darkness. These powers were long forgotten by the kingdom of Alfheim because it lay dormant. The power was defeated after the gods fled by a human warrior who wielded the sword of Aesir. After the great war the darkness yielded to the power of the warrior. The warrior then founded the kingdom of alfheim in the name of the land of fairies for they had given him great powers during the war. When the king died of old age he cured the sword to being stuck in a stone until the next worthy king claim it. Millenia past and there was no sign of a worthy king. The story of the great warrior king faded into legend and the swords powers long forgotten.

Plot: 

You and your family of merchants are travelling to the great city, when a band of bandits attack. One strikes you on the head and you fall unconscious. When you awake your mother, father and sister are dead. At the sight of their bodies you plea to the gods to bring them back. The goddess Frigg replies by giving you three items of your choosing from the following (dagger, shortbow, arrows, bag, potion, paper, quill, ink,  buckler, etc.). She then tells you that these were no ordinary bandits they were blessed with the power of darkness and that it is a sign that you will be a great hero and you must choose wisely to fulfill your destiny. 

Valkyrie:

This province was one home to many gods and many of their relics have been left behind as they fled from the darkness. It is during a Medieval type era that the player is born. Many people have forgotten of the great war between the hero and the darkness but there are still Divine creatures, pets of the gods, that still linger in the land. Many of which hold powers of the gods so that they(the powers and creature) could be protected from the darkness. The province is surrounded by water and has many great lakes, forests and mountains. To the north however is an even greater province. Separated by a wall due to a civil war that broke loose after the king's death. Many of the great races have taken refuge in Valkyrie due to it being mostly abandoned due to the passing of the king. 



The great war:

After the gods fled valkyrie, all hope was lost. But one warrior took it upon himself to reclaim his land. No one stood beside the hero so he set out to find a power to stop the darkness. On top of the highest mountain in Valkyrie he found a sword protected by a lonely scared fairy who dreamed of a day when the gods would come back. She gave him the sword and some of her power to help defeat the darkness. After blessing the sword wither her power and having a wielder worthy of its power, the sword eminated with power that is tied to existence itself. A power superior to that of any god. The power of light. With this power the warrior set out to vanquish the power of darkness and succeeded in forcing the darkness back to where it came. With the land at in peace and faith restored the habitants of valkyrie build the kingdom of Alfheim to honor the fairy that helped save the land. 

A Sort of ending top the game?:

One the player gains the power of light they gain the power to turn everything into light. By using the sword, it turns everything in front of them to light. After turning everything into light the player sees the balance of the universe and the “Creator” who tells him “You have been blessed with great power but there must always be balance” and places the in the center dividing light and darkness. This places the player back in the merchants caravan where their mother, father and sister are still alive. The game basically restarts.

